1. Does the project appear to meet the technical requirements? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3.

Is your peer making API calls, using SDK's/third-party libraries?
  YES, several at different times. Score = 3.

Is your peer making use of Services? If so, are they offloading long tasks to a separate thread, i.e. AsyncTask, Runnable, 
IntentService, etc.
  I don't see any use of services for offloading tasks, but it seems like that's probably not needed anyway since the
  fragments use API calls not database read/write. Score = 2, only because you might want to think about using a service 
  if it makes sense and you haven't thought about it already...but I'm sure you have.
  
Is your peer making use of Fragments? If so, are they passing data from Fragment to Activity via interfaces? If not, why 
did absense of Fragments make sense?
  YES, Sam is using fragments and is passing information back and forth via interfaces. Score = 3

Is your peer making use of RecyclerView? If so, does it appear to be working correctly ( implementation and otherwise )?
  YES, there are severl apparently correct uses of the RecyclerView. Score = 3

Is your peer making use of some sort of persistent storage, i.e. Firebase or SQLite? If so, why do you think Firebase/SQLite was chosen? Could they have used one or the other instead and why?
  NO, there does not appear to be persistent data storage. There does not seem to be a "history" so this may be on purpose,
  although I also don't see shared preferences being used maintain the state of the fragments. Score = 2, again only because you 
  may want to use it.

2. Does the project appear to be creative, innovative, and different from any competition? Write up one sentence on your 
findings and give a score 0-3.

Is your peer making use of proper UX patterns we learned in class? If not, what are they doing that is unconvetional or 
that might confuse a user ( you )?
  YES, the UX seems to be good and well thoughtout. I like the the user is given so much information.

Is your peer making anything cool or awesome that you would like to note or applaud them on?
  Again I really like all the various kinds of info you are providing the user.
  
3. Does the project appear to follow correct coding styles and best practices? Write up one sentence on your findings 
and give a score 0-3.

Are you able to reasonably follow the code without having anyone answer your questions?
  The code is clear but there is a distinct lack of comments throughout. This makes it a little unclear as to what is
  happening sometimes or what something does.
  
Are you able to make sense of what the code is doing or is trying to do?
  Again, it's clear for the most part, but without any comments its hard to piece everything together sometimes.
  
4. Find two pieces of code of any size: one that is readable and easy to follow and one that is difficult to follow and 
understand.

What makes the readable code readable? Be as detailed as you can in your answer, it can be challenging to explain why 
something is easy to undertand.
  Your RecyclerViewAdapter classes are written very well, they are organized anc concise.
  
What makes the difficult code harder to follow? Be as detailed as you can in your answer.
  There are so many methods in the InputFragment class that it's hard to follow wheat goes where, the order gets confusing 
  and there is no sense of "sections" or "blocks" of related methods.
  
5. High level project overview: Take a look at as many individual files as you have time for

Does this class make sense?
  Yes, the choice of words i.e. naming convention is strong and clear.

Does the structure of the class make sense?
  The over all structure is good, but again some organizing comments would be helpful.
  
Is it clear what this class is supposed to do?
  Due to the naming convention being well implemented it's clear that the classes are doing.
